aboutus.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Us
subtitle: Meet the Team!
---

## Executive Leadership
Executive Leadership is the brains behind WCRL. They are in charge of overseeing logistics, managing the organization, and spearheading its growth!
{% include team-section.html role = "Executive Leadership" %} 

## Coordinator
Coordinators are the vital link between the Executive Board and general WCRL members. They manage communications, including monthly newsletters, and maintaining the Discord server, while also maintaining a strong social media presence to keep the community engaged and informed.
{% include team-section.html role = "Competition Coordinator" %} <!-- The "Competition" is here for now due to legacy reasons, will update in the future -->

## Build Technicians
Build Technicians form the main workforce of WCRL. Their responsibilities include guiding competitors through the bot-building process and working on projects that further develop the league.
{% include team-section.html role = "Build Technician" %} 

## Battlebot Team Leads
Battlebot Team Leads oversee the development of combat robots for external tournaments. These robots are more advanced than those in the internal leagues, with teams currently consisting of full-combat beetleweight and antweight divisions.
{% include team-section.html role = "Battlebot Team Lead" %} 

<!-- ## Freshman Ambassadors
Freshman Ambassadors are the newest members of WCRL, embarking on their journey with us during their first semester. They participate in the semesterly tournament and gradually become more integrated into the organization, with opportunities to take on greater responsibilities as they gain experience.
{% include team-section.html role = "Freshman Representative" %}  -->

## Alumni
The WCRL Alumni section honors the contributions of past Executive Board members who have played a pivotal role in shaping the league. These individuals have left a lasting legacy through leadership, innovation, and dedication. As they move on to new ventures, they remain an integral part of the WCRL community, inspiring current and future members to continue pushing the organization's boundaries further.
{% include team-section.html role = "Alumni" %}

Commit message:

added 2/3 fya (sosa didnt do form >:{) and took away tournament tab

aboutus.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Us
subtitle: Meet the Team!
---

## Executive Leadership
Executive Leadership is the brains behind WCRL. They are in charge of overseeing logistics, managing the organization, and spearheading its growth!
{% include team-section.html role = "Executive Leadership" %} 

## Coordinator
Coordinators are the vital link between the Executive Board and general WCRL members. They manage communications, including monthly newsletters, and maintaining the Discord server, while also maintaining a strong social media presence to keep the community engaged and informed.
{% include team-section.html role = "Competition Coordinator" %} <!-- The "Competition" is here for now due to legacy reasons, will update in the future -->

## Build Technicians
Build Technicians form the main workforce of WCRL. Their responsibilities include guiding competitors through the bot-building process and working on projects that further develop the league.
{% include team-section.html role = "Build Technician" %} 

## Battlebot Team Leads
Battlebot Team Leads oversee the development of combat robots for external tournaments. These robots are more advanced than those in the internal leagues, with teams currently consisting of full-combat beetleweight and antweight divisions.
{% include team-section.html role = "Battlebot Team Lead" %} 

## Freshman Ambassadors
Freshman Ambassadors are the new kids on the block, embarking on their journey with us during their first semester. They participate in the semesterly tournament and gradually become more integrated into the organization, with opportunities to take on greater responsibilities as they gain experience.
{% include team-section.html role = "Freshman Ambassador" %}    

## Alumni
The WCRL Alumni section honors the contributions of past Executive Board members who have played a pivotal role in shaping the league. These individuals have left a lasting legacy through leadership, innovation, and dedication. As they move on to new ventures, they remain an integral part of the WCRL community, inspiring current and future members to continue pushing the organization's boundaries further.
{% include team-section.html role = "Alumni" %}
