README.md, before:

# About WCRL
Our mission at the Watson Combat Robotics League is to empower collegiate students to develop technical engineering skills through competitive combat robotics. We aim to foster a community of innovation and creativity for students and enthusiasts by providing a platform for designing, building, and testing 3D printed robots in a safe and exciting environment. Our focus is on promoting STEM education by providing an opportunity for practical experience in mechanical design, electrical engineering, and programming as well as peer guidance and resources to make participation increasingly accessible. Through our league, we strive to cultivate the next generation of skilled engineers and innovators who will shape the future of technology and robotics.

# Build-the-Bot
Welcome to the Build-the-Bot platform! Build-the-Bot is an open-source Arduino based robotics platform maintained by the Watson Combat Robotics League at Binghamton University!

To get started, read the [Getting Started Guide](https://github.com/wcrl/Build-the-Bot/blob/453a59d6409c2aacc2f1eb8cd54fe76791a7de1f/Getting%20Started/Getting%20Started.md) and the [3D Printing Guide](https://github.com/wcrl/Build-the-Bot/blob/453a59d6409c2aacc2f1eb8cd54fe76791a7de1f/Getting%20Started/3D%20Printing%20Guide.md). From there, start designing and planning out your bot! 

### Join our [WCRL Discord](https://discord.gg/UzuaAJWp)

In order to move to registered status and gain access to more channels make sure you
- Change your discord nickname in this server to your first and last name 
- Fill out our registration form via google forms: https://forms.gle/xkhhvzqmUq5xLZNm7


If you have any questions, please contact us via our discord, or email WCRL@binghamton.edu.

Happy Building!

# Future Development Plans 
- Support for Raspberry Pi Picos
- PCB for Battery Cutoff

Commit message:

added docs from wcrl github

README.md, after:

# ReadME

There are two different sets of code for Bot Control on the Arduino Platform. Due to lack of updates by Dabble, iPhones on iOS 16+ will need to utilize the BitBlue code.

## BitBlue

Note: Pressing and holding does NOT function properly. This is a design conflict in the
BitBlue application. Instead, pressing the button once will trigger an action. Pressing
the button again will end that action.

Controls:

- Forward Arrow: Move Bot Forward
- Back Arrow: Move Bot in Reverse
- Left Arrow: Move Bot to the Left
- Right Arrow: Move Bot to the Right
- A: Competition Attachment at Low Speed
- X: Competition Attachment at High Speed
- B: Not Used
- Y: Not Used
- Start: Not Used
- Select: Not Used

## Dabble

Controls:

- Forward Arrow: Move Bot Forward
- Back Arrow: Move Bot in Reverse
- Left Arrow: Move Bot to the Left
- Right Arrow: Move Bot to the Right
- Triangle: Competition Attachment at Low Speed
- Circle: Competition Attachment at High Speed
- X: Turn off Competition Attachment
- Square: Not Used
- Start: Not Used
- Select: Not Used
